Update setting_the_parameters.qmd replacing principal model run (#89)
The-Strategy-Unit/nhp_project_information: user_guide/setting_the_parameters.qmd

- Mandatory, set by users
- 100% that can be distributed across the 20 different options

> This input allows users to choose from the population projection variants produced by ONS. The principal population projection (not to be confused with the model's [principal projection](NHP_model_summary.qmd) of future activty) will be used across 100% of runs, as default. This is the recommended approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This input allows users to choose from the population projection variants produced by ONS. The principal population projection (not to be confused with the model's [principal projection](/user_guide/glossary.qmd#principal-projection) of future activty) will be used across 100% of runs, as default. This is the recommended approach.
```
